# Project_laravel
doctor-appointment management system
a website that cares to help making appointments, along with making the whole process of reaching to doctors and receiving healthcare easier.
## functionalities 
you can register, login and log out out of the website (authentification made without using any premade libraries/ packages).
you can book an appointment with the right doctor of the right department, the doctor receives a notification and so he/she can validate the appointment base on their schedule,
once the validation is made the patient receives a pdf generated by the website for the appointment, which he can take with him when he'll visits the doctor,
and as for the doctor, by clicking on a button he gets to exports the appointment-date into his excel document.
## the project requirements 
### at least 3 controllers one of them type resource : 
 In this website i have more than 3 controllers and more than one of them is type resource.
### 1,n && n,n :
for 1,n : one doctor can have many appointments.
for n,n : doctor can have multiple patients, and a patient can also consult with multiple doctors.
### middleware : 
I have a RoleMiddleware that checks your role whether you are a doctor or a patient and i is applied on the route.
### for interfaces :
i used blade.php 
### generatedPdf :
I have established the functions of the generation of the pdf, however due to some unsolved errors that I've encountered, I could test the functions.
### exports using excel :
For the exports of excel as well I couldn't test the function.
### authentification :
I establish the authentification not using any packages as i mentioned earlier.
### uniTest :
this is too one of the things i couldn't test due to some errors i've encountered.
### for style :
I've used tailwind css, and a vite which is a build tool and development server and some basic css.
## is this website currently completed? 
No it is not, due to some errors that i couldn't solve with my current knowledge and time tightness, but with time and as my knowledge of laravel expands more than this, I'll surely implement every little information i gathered into this project.

## for my teacher 
Thank you so much for giving me time and a chance to work on this project, although I know it is poorly made and lacks way too many functionalities but still I got to try at least. 

